Add frontend handling for 404 responses of form resources (#7108)
sulu/sulu: src/Sulu/Bundle/AdminBundle/Resources/js/components/PermissionHint/README.md

```javascript
<PermissionHint />
```

> This component is deprecated and will be removed in the next major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is deprecated and will be removed in 3.0 version.
```

When we explicitly deprecate it with 3.0, we can also use the version number here

Author: yeah this should be `2.6` not `3.0`
